Updated diagrams on integrations page (#72)
ethereum-optimism/community-hub: src/docs/developers/integration.md

Optimistic Ethereum comes with a standard ETH bridge, [`OVM_L1ETHGateway.sol`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/master/packages/contracts/contracts/optimistic-ethereum/OVM/bridge/tokens/OVM_L1ETHGateway.sol). This smart contract acts as a _bridge_ between L1 and L2, letting users deposit ETH into the contract on L1 so that it can be used on L2.

`OVM_L1ETHGateway` has 2 important methods to keep in mind:

> 1. [`initiateDeposit()`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/master/packages/contracts/contracts/optimistic-ethereum/OVM/bridge/tokens/OVM_L1ETHGateway.sol#L103-L112) is an internal method where the all the super secret magic happens to create our deposits 🪄 ✨.

Reviewer: I don't think we should describe internal methods, it's kind of confusing. Readers can follow the logic if the click the link below.

```suggestion
```

> 2. [`deposit()`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/master/packages/contracts/contracts/optimistic-ethereum/OVM/bridge/tokens/OVM_L1ETHGateway.sol#L78-L85) is external and payable method used to call `_initiateDeposit()`, and passes in the caller's address as `msg.sender` to the `_to` and `_from` arguments of `_initiateDeposit()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [`deposit()`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/master/packages/contracts/contracts/optimistic-ethereum/OVM/bridge/tokens/OVM_L1ETHGateway.sol#81) is external and payable method used to send ETH from an account on L1 to the same address on L2.
2. [`depositTo()`](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/master/packages/contracts/contracts/optimistic-ethereum/OVM/bridge/tokens/OVM_L1ETHGateway.sol#L93) is external and payable method used to send ETH to another address on L2.
```

Here's an example deposit flow from L1 to L2 using the `deposit()` method:

> ![L1 to L2 Deposit](../../assets/l1-l2-eth-deposit.png)

Reviewer: This image should use `depositTo()`, as there is not way to get the same contract address on L2.

Similarly, here's an example of the flow in reverse, starting with a deposit of ETH on L2 and the funds being sent to the `msg.sender`'s address on L1:

> ![L2 to L1 Deposit](../../assets/l2-l1-eth-deposit.png)

Reviewer: For transferring from L2 to L1, you'd use `withdraw()` or `[withdrawTo()](https://github.com/ethereum-optimism/optimism/blob/fb362ff748c803dc9099326f0e3096889b5dd5aa/packages/contracts/contracts/optimistic-ethereum/OVM/bridge/tokens/Abs_L2DepositedToken.sol#L163)`, which  is inherited to OVM_ETH.sol
